v2: Clarify simulation file (#632)
PEtab-dev/PEtab: doc/v2/documentation_data_format.rst

  The replicateId can be used to discern replicates with the same
  ``datasetId``, which is helpful for plotting e.g. error bars.

.. _v2_simulation_table:

Simulation table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For some applications, it is useful to provide a simulation file that contains
the simulation results of the model for the same time points as the

> measurements. This is useful for example for comparing the simulation results
> with the measurements or for distributing expected model outputs.

Reviewer: Makes sense as is, but this is clearer for me.

```suggestion
measurements. This is useful, for example, for comparing the simulation results
with the measurements, or for assessing simulation reproducibility across tools.
```
